Got completions working in Emacs (#26)
sourcegraph/emacs-cody: README.org

  (setq cody--access-token "sgp_etc")
#+end_src

To try it out, evaluate the buffer and `M-x cody-login'.

Note: For now, if you are using the extension and want ripgrep support,
you will want to add this to your `~/.bashrc` or equivalent:

#+begin_src shell-script
  export MOCK_RG_PATH="/opt/homebrew/bin/rg" # path to your rg binary
#+end_src

** Sample Configuration

> You can create a Sourcegraph access token at https://sourcegraph.com/users/yourname/settings/tokens.

Reviewer: This will link to create a token for the logged in user. I think we rewrite `/user/` to `/users/<logged in user>`.

```suggestion
You can create a Sourcegraph access token at https://sourcegraph.com/user/settings/tokens/new-token .
```
